next in video comes from Julius I love
this video because Julius is actually a
student in Denmark so he gives us an
example of some of the differences
between universities in the United
States and universities in Denmark let's
watch in this video I just want to show
you some comparisons between the United
States and and Denmark and study wise so
first of all the cost of studying this
is non-existent it's it's free and we're
paid to study actually where we'd paid
just below $900 a month depending if you
let at home or if you don't it's to to
make sure that you can use most of your
time studying how good is the University
of our houses football team and a
basketball team because if they have a
good sports program and I said totally
good I am so jealous that makes me so
depressed inside can you imagine
rusty of our house sorry
they probably have a soccer team would
that make more sense I guess it's a
worldwide for it is football American
football played another any other
country yeah it is Canada right in
football this place they put other
places it's not right of course nowhere
near as big this is here and then also
you know it's I always see this
comparison the way we play soccer here
and like oh yeah soccer yeah that's cool
mm-hmm and I go yeah maybe well yeah
it's cool interesting I think I mean is
just my very limited experience with
people so it turns out Denmark has a
better education system than we do here
in the united nation
nine hundred dollars a month just so you
don't have to worry about anything you
could focus on your studying so that you
will say now I wonder this is the way
worded it he said I would get paid not
up to nine dollars um to study so I
wonder if if you start slipping if your
money changes and you know the other day
actually over the weekend I was thinking
about all the little obstacles that you
had to I that I personally had to
overcome when I was going to college
and all the different times I had to ask
my parents for help whether it was
financially or transportation wise or
fix my car wise like whatever it was
right my parents were there for me all
every single step of the way and you
think about how easy it was when I was
going to college right so I graduated
with from my undergrad in 2007 so that
was before the economic collapse uh
and everything was pretty okay like
everything was alright and I would
manage to graduate and it was still a
struggle with parents helping me can you
imagine people who don't have that
network of support in the United States
right it's nearly impossible to graduate
and then that's nothing - is that from
what I could get from my parents it was
you know it was that type of thing
because I was one of those you know
scholarship grant kid coming in and
trying to go to this expensive
university to get out because of the
promise of oh you know you make it you
do the end then you know that's the way
I'm old enough that it was just before
all this BS and I was all no - I'm not a
baby like here so you know so you get a
chance to uh um to get some help but
then again I had to work you know things
absolutely necessary work and I don't
want my kid to have to work wheezing
cough I don't think you're supposed to
if you do it's not like it's a killer
but it's cause is hard enough there's so
many other things you are you already
have to worry about you should go ahead
and you should be able to study I think
the social aspect is really important
you should stay on campus you don't
worry about the car and then it all
would have been it's it's all just comes
it does comes easier to you right the
addition the working should be what
happens at the college but you live on
campus and you have to pay significantly
more amount of money just to make ends
meet so regardless like the cost of
education in the u.s. is ridiculous okay
and that this is why I love the protests
are taking place in Chile the students
there believe that they should have
access to quality education not just the
elite here in the United States higher
education is now reserved for the elite
it's it's unbelievable we need to have
access to it and I think Denmark has it
right you know there's no protest there
no protest in Denmark is that a lot more
co-inky-dink